README.md, before:

# Delving deep into Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) 


## State-of-the-art Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) publications, frameworks & resources

### Overview
Generative models are models that can learn to create data that is similar to data that we give them. One of the most promising approaches of those models are Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), a branch of unsupervised machine learning implemented by a system of two neural networks competing against each other in a zero-sum game framework. They were first introduced by Ian Goodfellow et al. in 2014. This repository aims at presenting an elaborate list of the state-of-the-art works on the field of Generative Adversarial Networks since their introduction in 2014.

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GKalliatakis/Delving-deep-into-GANs/master/GAN.gif?raw=true"/><br>
  Image taken from http://multithreaded.stitchfix.com/blog/2016/02/02/a-fontastic-voyage/<br>
</p>

**_This is going to be an evolving post and I will keep updating it (at least twice monthly) so make sure you have forked this repository on GitHub before moving on !_**

---



### Opening Publication 
Generative Adversarial Nets (GANs) (2014) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1406.2661v1.pdf)  [[presentation]](http://www.iangoodfellow.com/slides/2016-12-04-NIPS.pdf) [[code]](https://github.com/goodfeli/adversarial) [[video]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HN9NRhm9waY)

---

### State-of-the-art papers (Descending order based on Google Scholar Citations)

1. Unsupervised Representation Learning with Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Networks (DCGANs) (2015) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1511.06434v2.pdf) 
2. Explaining and Harnessing Adversarial Examples (2014) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1412.6572.pdf)
3. Semi-Supervised Learning with Deep Generative Models (2014) [[pdf]]( https://arxiv.org/pdf/1406.5298v2.pdf )
4. Deep Generative Image Models using a Laplacian Pyramid of Adversarial Networks (2015) [[pdf]](http://papers.nips.cc/paper/5773-deep-generative-image-models-using-a-laplacian-pyramid-of-adversarial-networks.pdf)
5. Improved Techniques for Training GANs (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1606.03498v1.pdf)
6. Generative Moment Matching Networks (2015) [[pdf]](http://www.jmlr.org/proceedings/papers/v37/li15.pdf)
7. Deep multi-scale video prediction beyond mean square error (2015) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1511.05440.pdf)
8. Conditional Generative Adversarial Nets (2014) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1411.1784v1.pdf)
9. Context Encoders: Feature Learning by Inpainting (2016) [[pdf]](http://www.cv-foundation.org/openaccess/content_cvpr_2016/papers/Pathak_Context_Encoders_Feature_CVPR_2016_paper.pdf)
10. Autoencoding beyond pixels using a learned similarity metric (2015) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1512.09300.pdf)
11. Conditional Image Generation with PixelCNN Decoders (2015) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1606.05328.pdf)  
12. Adversarial Autoencoders (2015) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1511.05644.pdf)
13. Generative Adversarial Text to Image Synthesis (2016) [[pdf]](http://www.jmlr.org/proceedings/papers/v48/reed16.pdf)
14. InfoGAN: Interpretable Representation Learning by Information Maximizing Generative Adversarial Nets (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1606.03657v1.pdf)
15. Attend, infer, repeat: Fast scene understanding with generative models (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1603.08575.pdf) 
16. Training generative neural networks via Maximum Mean Discrepancy optimization (2015) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1505.03906.pdf)
17. Adversarial Feature Learning (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1605.09782.pdf)
18. Generating images with recurrent adversarial networks (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1602.05110.pdf)
19. Practical Black-Box Attacks against Deep Learning Systems using Adversarial Examples (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1602.02697.pdf)
20. Adversarially Learned Inference (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1606.00704.pdf)
21. Energy-based Generative Adversarial Network (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1609.03126v3.pdf) [[code]](https://github.com/dyelax/Adversarial_Video_Generation)
22. Generative Visual Manipulation on the Natural Image Manifold (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1609.03552.pdf)
23. f-GAN: Training Generative Neural Samplers using Variational Divergence Minimization (2016) [[pdf]](http://papers.nips.cc/paper/6066-tagger-deep-unsupervised-perceptual-grouping.pdf)
24. Learning a Probabilistic Latent Space of Object Shapes via 3D Generative-Adversarial Modeling (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1610.07584.pdf)
25. Learning What and Where to Draw (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1610.02454v1.pdf) 
26. Generative Adversarial Imitation Learning (2016) [[pdf]](http://papers.nips.cc/paper/6391-generative-adversarial-imitation-learning.pdf)
27. Conditional Image Synthesis with Auxiliary Classifier GANs (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1610.09585.pdf)
28. Learning in Implicit Generative Models (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1610.03483.pdf)
29. Neural Photo Editing with Introspective Adversarial Networks (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1609.07093.pdf)
30. VIME: Variational Information Maximizing Exploration (2016) [[pdf]](http://papers.nips.cc/paper/6591-vime-variational-information-maximizing-exploration.pdf)
31. Connecting Generative Adversarial Networks and Actor-Critic Methods (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1610.01945.pdf)
32. On the Quantitative Analysis of Decoder-Based Generative Models (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1611.04273.pdf)
33. Unrolled Generative Adversarial Networks (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1611.02163.pdf)
34. Contextual RNN-GANs for Abstract Reasoning Diagram Generation (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1609.09444.pdf)
35. Towards Principled Methods for Training Generative Adversarial Networks (2017) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1701.04862.pdf)
36. Ensembles of Generative Adversarial Network (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1612.00991.pdf)
37. Improved generator objectives for GANs (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1612.02780.pdf)
38. Learning from Simulated and Unsupervised Images through Adversarial Training (2016) by Apple [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1612.07828.pdf)


----------


### Presentations
- Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) by Ian Goodfellow [[pdf]](http://www.iangoodfellow.com/slides/2016-12-04-NIPS.pdf) 
- Energy-Based GANs & other Adversarial things by Yann Le Cun [[pdf]](http://papers.nips.cc/paper/4824-imagenet-classification-with-deep-convolutional-neural-networks.pdf)
- Learning Deep Generative Models by Russ Salakhutdinov [[pdf]](http://www.cs.toronto.edu/~rsalakhu/talk_Montreal_2016_Salakhutdinov.pdf) 

----------

### Courses / Tutorials (Webpages unless other is stated)
- NIPS 2016 Tutorial: Generative Adversarial Networks (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1701.00160.pdf)
- [How to Train a GAN? Tips and tricks to make GANs work](https://github.com/soumith/ganhacks)
- [Generative Models by OpenAI ](https://openai.com/blog/generative-models/)
- [MNIST Generative Adversarial Model in Keras](https://oshearesearch.com/index.php/2016/07/01/mnist-generative-adversarial-model-in-keras/)
- [Image Completion with Deep Learning in TensorFlow](http://bamos.github.io/2016/08/09/deep-completion/)

----------


### Resources / Models (GitHub repositories unless other is stated)
- [DCGAN](https://github.com/Newmu/dcgan_code) 
- [DCGAN in Tensorflow](https://github.com/carpedm20/DCGAN-tensorflow)
- [DCGAN in Torch](https://github.com/soumith/dcgan.torch)
- [DCGAN in Keras](https://github.com/jacobgil/keras-dcgan)
- [Generating Natural Images using Neural Networks (Eyescream Project by Facebook)](https://github.com/facebook/eyescream)
- [Adversarial AutoEncoder](https://github.com/musyoku/adversarial-autoencoder)
- [Text To Image Synthesis Using Thought Vectors](https://github.com/paarthneekhara/text-to-image) 
- [Adversarial example generator](https://github.com/e-lab/torch-toolbox/tree/master/Adversarial) 
- [Semi-supervised learning (SSL) with deep generative models](https://github.com/dpkingma/nips14-ssl)
- [Improved Techniques for Training GANs](https://github.com/openai/improved-gan)
- [Generative Moment Matching Networks (GMMNs)](https://github.com/yujiali/gmmn)
- [Adversarial Video Generation](https://github.com/dyelax/Adversarial_Video_Generation)
- [Image-to-image translation using conditional adversarial nets (pix2pix)](https://github.com/phillipi/pix2pix	)
- [Cleverhans, A library for benchmarking vulnerability to adversarial examples](https://github.com/openai/cleverhans)

----------

### Frameworks & Libraries (Descending order based on GitHub stars)
- Tensorflow by Google  [C++ and CUDA]: [[homepage]](https://www.tensorflow.org/) [[github]](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow)
- Caffe by Berkeley Vision and Learning Center (BVLC)  [C++]: [[homepage]](http://caffe.berkeleyvision.org/) [[github]](https://github.com/BVLC/caffe) [[Installation Instructions]](Caffe_Installation/README.md)
- Keras by François Chollet  [Python]: [[homepage]](https://keras.io/) [[github]](https://github.com/fchollet/keras)
- Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit - CNTK  [C++]: [[homepage]](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/product/cognitive-toolkit/) [[github]](https://github.com/Microsoft/CNTK)
- MXNet adapted by Amazon  [C++]: [[homepage]](http://mxnet.io/) [[github]](https://github.com/dmlc/mxnet)
- Torch by Collobert, Kavukcuoglu & Clement Farabet, widely used by Facebook  [Lua]: [[homepage]](http://torch.ch/) [[github]](https://github.com/torch) 
- Convnetjs by Andrej Karpathy [JavaScript]: [[homepage]](http://cs.stanford.edu/people/karpathy/convnetjs/) [[github]](https://github.com/karpathy/convnetjs)
- Theano by Université de Montréal  [Python]: [[homepage]](http://deeplearning.net/software/theano/) [[github]](https://github.com/Theano/Theano) 
- Deeplearning4j by startup Skymind  [Java]: [[homepage]](https://deeplearning4j.org/) [[github]](https://github.com/deeplearning4j/deeplearning4j) 
- Paddle by Baidu  [C++]: [[homepage]](http://www.paddlepaddle.org/) [[github]](https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/Paddle) 
- Deep Scalable Sparse Tensor Network Engine (DSSTNE) by Amazon  [C++]: [[github]](https://github.com/amznlabs/amazon-dsstne) 
- Neon by Nervana Systems  [Python & Sass]: [[homepage]](http://neon.nervanasys.com/docs/latest/) [[github]](https://github.com/NervanaSystems/neon) 
- Chainer  [Python]: [[homepage]](http://chainer.org/) [[github]](https://github.com/pfnet/chainer) 
- h2o  [Java]: [[homepage]](http://www.h2o.ai/) [[github]](https://github.com/h2oai/h2o-3) 
- Brainstorm by Istituto Dalle Molle di Studi sull’Intelligenza Artificiale (IDSIA)  [Python]: [[github]](https://github.com/IDSIA/brainstorm)
- Matconvnet by Andrea Vedaldi  [Matlab]: [[homepage]](http://www.vlfeat.org/matconvnet/) [[github]](https://github.com/vlfeat/matconvnet) 


----

License

MIT


[//]: # (These are reference links used in the body of this note and get stripped out when the markdown processor does its job. There is no need to format nicely because it shouldn't be seen. Thanks SO - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4823468/store-comments-in-markdown-syntax)


   [dill]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger>
   [git-repo-url]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger.git>
   [john gruber]: <http://daringfireball.net>
   [@thomasfuchs]: <http://twitter.com/thomasfuchs>
   [df1]: <http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/>
   [markdown-it]: <https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it>
   [Ace Editor]: <http://ace.ajax.org>
   [node.js]: <http://nodejs.org>
   [Twitter Bootstrap]: <http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/>
   [keymaster.js]: <https://github.com/madrobby/keymaster>
   [jQuery]: <http://jquery.com>
   [@tjholowaychuk]: <http://twitter.com/tjholowaychuk>
   [express]: <http://expressjs.com>
   [AngularJS]: <http://angularjs.org>
   [Gulp]: <http://gulpjs.com>

   [PlDb]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger/tree/master/plugins/dropbox/README.md>
   [PlGh]:  <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger/tree/master/plugins/github/README.md>
   [PlGd]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger/tree/master/plugins/googledrive/README.md>
   [PlOd]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger/tree/master/plugins/onedrive/README.md>

Commit message:

Add OpenAI blog post on adversarial examples & new papers

README.md, after:

# Delving deep into Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) 


## State-of-the-art Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) publications, frameworks & resources

### Overview
Generative models are models that can learn to create data that is similar to data that we give them. One of the most promising approaches of those models are Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), a branch of unsupervised machine learning implemented by a system of two neural networks competing against each other in a zero-sum game framework. They were first introduced by Ian Goodfellow et al. in 2014. This repository aims at presenting an elaborate list of the state-of-the-art works on the field of Generative Adversarial Networks since their introduction in 2014.

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GKalliatakis/Delving-deep-into-GANs/master/GAN.gif?raw=true"/><br>
  Image taken from http://multithreaded.stitchfix.com/blog/2016/02/02/a-fontastic-voyage/<br>
</p>

**_This is going to be an evolving post and I will keep updating it (at least twice monthly) so make sure you have forked this repository on GitHub before moving on !_**

---



### Opening Publication 
Generative Adversarial Nets (GANs) (2014) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1406.2661v1.pdf)  [[presentation]](http://www.iangoodfellow.com/slides/2016-12-04-NIPS.pdf) [[code]](https://github.com/goodfeli/adversarial) [[video]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HN9NRhm9waY)

---

### State-of-the-art papers (Descending order based on Google Scholar Citations)

1. Unsupervised Representation Learning with Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Networks (DCGANs) (2015) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1511.06434v2.pdf) 
2. Explaining and Harnessing Adversarial Examples (2014) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1412.6572.pdf)
3. Semi-Supervised Learning with Deep Generative Models (2014) [[pdf]]( https://arxiv.org/pdf/1406.5298v2.pdf )
4. Deep Generative Image Models using a Laplacian Pyramid of Adversarial Networks (2015) [[pdf]](http://papers.nips.cc/paper/5773-deep-generative-image-models-using-a-laplacian-pyramid-of-adversarial-networks.pdf)
5. Improved Techniques for Training GANs (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1606.03498v1.pdf)
6. Generative Moment Matching Networks (2015) [[pdf]](http://www.jmlr.org/proceedings/papers/v37/li15.pdf)
7. Deep multi-scale video prediction beyond mean square error (2015) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1511.05440.pdf)
8. Conditional Generative Adversarial Nets (2014) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1411.1784v1.pdf)
9. Context Encoders: Feature Learning by Inpainting (2016) [[pdf]](http://www.cv-foundation.org/openaccess/content_cvpr_2016/papers/Pathak_Context_Encoders_Feature_CVPR_2016_paper.pdf)
10. Autoencoding beyond pixels using a learned similarity metric (2015) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1512.09300.pdf)
11. Conditional Image Generation with PixelCNN Decoders (2015) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1606.05328.pdf)  
12. Adversarial Autoencoders (2015) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1511.05644.pdf)
13. Generative Adversarial Text to Image Synthesis (2016) [[pdf]](http://www.jmlr.org/proceedings/papers/v48/reed16.pdf)
14. InfoGAN: Interpretable Representation Learning by Information Maximizing Generative Adversarial Nets (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1606.03657v1.pdf)
15. Attend, infer, repeat: Fast scene understanding with generative models (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1603.08575.pdf) 
16. Training generative neural networks via Maximum Mean Discrepancy optimization (2015) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1505.03906.pdf)
17. Adversarial Feature Learning (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1605.09782.pdf)
18. Generating images with recurrent adversarial networks (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1602.05110.pdf)
19. Practical Black-Box Attacks against Deep Learning Systems using Adversarial Examples (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1602.02697.pdf)
20. Adversarially Learned Inference (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1606.00704.pdf)
21. Energy-based Generative Adversarial Network (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1609.03126v3.pdf) [[code]](https://github.com/dyelax/Adversarial_Video_Generation)
22. Generative Visual Manipulation on the Natural Image Manifold (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1609.03552.pdf)
23. f-GAN: Training Generative Neural Samplers using Variational Divergence Minimization (2016) [[pdf]](http://papers.nips.cc/paper/6066-tagger-deep-unsupervised-perceptual-grouping.pdf)
24. Learning a Probabilistic Latent Space of Object Shapes via 3D Generative-Adversarial Modeling (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1610.07584.pdf)
25. Learning What and Where to Draw (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1610.02454v1.pdf) 
26. Generative Adversarial Imitation Learning (2016) [[pdf]](http://papers.nips.cc/paper/6391-generative-adversarial-imitation-learning.pdf)
27. Conditional Image Synthesis with Auxiliary Classifier GANs (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1610.09585.pdf)
28. Learning in Implicit Generative Models (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1610.03483.pdf)
29. Neural Photo Editing with Introspective Adversarial Networks (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1609.07093.pdf)
30. VIME: Variational Information Maximizing Exploration (2016) [[pdf]](http://papers.nips.cc/paper/6591-vime-variational-information-maximizing-exploration.pdf)
31. Connecting Generative Adversarial Networks and Actor-Critic Methods (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1610.01945.pdf)
32. On the Quantitative Analysis of Decoder-Based Generative Models (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1611.04273.pdf)
33. Unrolled Generative Adversarial Networks (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1611.02163.pdf)
34. Contextual RNN-GANs for Abstract Reasoning Diagram Generation (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1609.09444.pdf)
35. Towards Principled Methods for Training Generative Adversarial Networks (2017) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1701.04862.pdf)
36. Ensembles of Generative Adversarial Network (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1612.00991.pdf)
37. Improved generator objectives for GANs (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1612.02780.pdf)
38. Learning from Simulated and Unsupervised Images through Adversarial Training (2016) by Apple [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1612.07828.pdf)
39. Generative Mixture of Networks (2017) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1702.03307.pdf)
40. Generative Temporal Models with Memory (2017) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1702.04649.pdf)
41. Precise Recovery of Latent Vectors from Generative Adversarial Networks (2017) [[pdf]](https://openreview.net/pdf?id=HJC88BzFl)


----------


### Presentations
- Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) by Ian Goodfellow [[pdf]](http://www.iangoodfellow.com/slides/2016-12-04-NIPS.pdf) 
- Energy-Based GANs & other Adversarial things by Yann Le Cun [[pdf]](http://papers.nips.cc/paper/4824-imagenet-classification-with-deep-convolutional-neural-networks.pdf)
- Learning Deep Generative Models by Russ Salakhutdinov [[pdf]](http://www.cs.toronto.edu/~rsalakhu/talk_Montreal_2016_Salakhutdinov.pdf) 

----------

### Courses / Tutorials (Webpages unless other is stated)
- NIPS 2016 Tutorial: Generative Adversarial Networks (2016) [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1701.00160.pdf)
- [How to Train a GAN? Tips and tricks to make GANs work](https://github.com/soumith/ganhacks)
- [Generative Models by OpenAI](https://openai.com/blog/generative-models/)
- [MNIST Generative Adversarial Model in Keras](https://oshearesearch.com/index.php/2016/07/01/mnist-generative-adversarial-model-in-keras/)
- [Image Completion with Deep Learning in TensorFlow](http://bamos.github.io/2016/08/09/deep-completion/)
- [Attacking machine learning with adversarial examples by OpenAI](https://openai.com/blog/adversarial-example-research/)

----------


### Resources / Models (GitHub repositories unless other is stated)
- [DCGAN](https://github.com/Newmu/dcgan_code) 
- [DCGAN in Tensorflow](https://github.com/carpedm20/DCGAN-tensorflow)
- [DCGAN in Torch](https://github.com/soumith/dcgan.torch)
- [DCGAN in Keras](https://github.com/jacobgil/keras-dcgan)
- [Generating Natural Images using Neural Networks (Eyescream Project by Facebook)](https://github.com/facebook/eyescream)
- [Adversarial AutoEncoder](https://github.com/musyoku/adversarial-autoencoder)
- [Text To Image Synthesis Using Thought Vectors](https://github.com/paarthneekhara/text-to-image) 
- [Adversarial example generator](https://github.com/e-lab/torch-toolbox/tree/master/Adversarial) 
- [Semi-supervised learning (SSL) with deep generative models](https://github.com/dpkingma/nips14-ssl)
- [Improved Techniques for Training GANs](https://github.com/openai/improved-gan)
- [Generative Moment Matching Networks (GMMNs)](https://github.com/yujiali/gmmn)
- [Adversarial Video Generation](https://github.com/dyelax/Adversarial_Video_Generation)
- [Image-to-image translation using conditional adversarial nets (pix2pix)](https://github.com/phillipi/pix2pix	)
- [Cleverhans, A library for benchmarking vulnerability to adversarial examples](https://github.com/openai/cleverhans)

----------

### Frameworks & Libraries (Descending order based on GitHub stars)
- Tensorflow by Google  [C++ and CUDA]: [[homepage]](https://www.tensorflow.org/) [[github]](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow)
- Caffe by Berkeley Vision and Learning Center (BVLC)  [C++]: [[homepage]](http://caffe.berkeleyvision.org/) [[github]](https://github.com/BVLC/caffe) [[Installation Instructions]](Caffe_Installation/README.md)
- Keras by François Chollet  [Python]: [[homepage]](https://keras.io/) [[github]](https://github.com/fchollet/keras)
- Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit - CNTK  [C++]: [[homepage]](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/product/cognitive-toolkit/) [[github]](https://github.com/Microsoft/CNTK)
- MXNet adapted by Amazon  [C++]: [[homepage]](http://mxnet.io/) [[github]](https://github.com/dmlc/mxnet)
- Torch by Collobert, Kavukcuoglu & Clement Farabet, widely used by Facebook  [Lua]: [[homepage]](http://torch.ch/) [[github]](https://github.com/torch) 
- Convnetjs by Andrej Karpathy [JavaScript]: [[homepage]](http://cs.stanford.edu/people/karpathy/convnetjs/) [[github]](https://github.com/karpathy/convnetjs)
- Theano by Université de Montréal  [Python]: [[homepage]](http://deeplearning.net/software/theano/) [[github]](https://github.com/Theano/Theano) 
- Deeplearning4j by startup Skymind  [Java]: [[homepage]](https://deeplearning4j.org/) [[github]](https://github.com/deeplearning4j/deeplearning4j) 
- Paddle by Baidu  [C++]: [[homepage]](http://www.paddlepaddle.org/) [[github]](https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/Paddle) 
- Deep Scalable Sparse Tensor Network Engine (DSSTNE) by Amazon  [C++]: [[github]](https://github.com/amznlabs/amazon-dsstne) 
- Neon by Nervana Systems  [Python & Sass]: [[homepage]](http://neon.nervanasys.com/docs/latest/) [[github]](https://github.com/NervanaSystems/neon) 
- Chainer  [Python]: [[homepage]](http://chainer.org/) [[github]](https://github.com/pfnet/chainer) 
- h2o  [Java]: [[homepage]](http://www.h2o.ai/) [[github]](https://github.com/h2oai/h2o-3) 
- Brainstorm by Istituto Dalle Molle di Studi sull’Intelligenza Artificiale (IDSIA)  [Python]: [[github]](https://github.com/IDSIA/brainstorm)
- Matconvnet by Andrea Vedaldi  [Matlab]: [[homepage]](http://www.vlfeat.org/matconvnet/) [[github]](https://github.com/vlfeat/matconvnet) 


----

License

MIT


[//]: # (These are reference links used in the body of this note and get stripped out when the markdown processor does its job. There is no need to format nicely because it shouldn't be seen. Thanks SO - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4823468/store-comments-in-markdown-syntax)


   [dill]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger>
   [git-repo-url]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger.git>
   [john gruber]: <http://daringfireball.net>
   [@thomasfuchs]: <http://twitter.com/thomasfuchs>
   [df1]: <http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/>
   [markdown-it]: <https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it>
   [Ace Editor]: <http://ace.ajax.org>
   [node.js]: <http://nodejs.org>
   [Twitter Bootstrap]: <http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/>
   [keymaster.js]: <https://github.com/madrobby/keymaster>
   [jQuery]: <http://jquery.com>
   [@tjholowaychuk]: <http://twitter.com/tjholowaychuk>
   [express]: <http://expressjs.com>
   [AngularJS]: <http://angularjs.org>
   [Gulp]: <http://gulpjs.com>

   [PlDb]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger/tree/master/plugins/dropbox/README.md>
   [PlGh]:  <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger/tree/master/plugins/github/README.md>
   [PlGd]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger/tree/master/plugins/googledrive/README.md>
   [PlOd]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger/tree/master/plugins/onedrive/README.md>
